ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
We are going to Ohio,
to her territory.
KELLY: With the choreography
that Paige has,
Kendall is going to be there.
Go in there,
step up her choreography,
so she has the chance
to beat Kendall!
Jill called me yesterday.
She said that
she's been driving so far.
Here's my violin.
I'm so sad for Jill.
ABBY: And we came to what?
ALL: Chop 'em down!
JILL: How can I continue
bringing her to you
when you can't give her
the time of day?
-Yay!
-ALL: Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop!
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
Moms, I'm putting Peyton
in the number,
and Leslie will be joining us.
Hey, ladies, I'm back.
ABBY: Is she that dumb
that she doesn't know
there's a field trip
and she's not going on it!
Just remember,
this is the worst of it.
You are nothing
but an intimidating bitch!
Go ahead and leave. Shoo.
Save your tears for the pillow.
Just stop.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪
♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor ♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, girls.
let's go, let's go, let's go.
♪ Here comes Johnny Appleseed ♪
ALL: Chop, chop, chop, chop!
Come on, chop, chop.
Chop, chop, moms, get in there.
I wouldn't say
it was a brilliant weekend,
but I would say it was successful.
We set out to beat Cathy,
the Wicked Witch of the West.
And that's what we did.
We beat her hands down
in every single category.
You knocked the apple tree down.
All in all, we had a successful weekend
in Akron, Ohio, at Next Star and...
now I think
I'll be in a good mood this week.
With that said, I want to get
through the pyramid quickly
because we have tons of work to do.
On the bottom of the pyramid,
Paige.
You beat Kendall.
I'm thrilled with that.
You made the top 10.
But you need to do the choreography
you were taught.
You got that, Kelly?
You don't change
Abby Lee's choreography.
Come on.
KELLY: Paige did well
with my choreography.
I don't think there's any way
Paige would have won the crown
with Abby's choreography.
ABBY: Moving on, Mackenzie,
you've greatly improved.
But if you're going to be in the dance
and you're going to know
the choreography,
you have to pull your weight.
Understood?
Next, Brooke,
you are off probation.
(clapping)
BROOKE:
I'm happy I'm off probation,
because being on Abby's bad side
is not a good thing.
Where are the stoppers?
I'll have them for the competition.
-ABBY: Done!
-HOLLY: Go get Paige.
KELLY: I'm gonna (bleep) kill--
ABBY: You're finished.
Neither of my kids
are doing a group dance.
You're not doing a solo.
Let's go, Brooke.
ABBY: Moving up the ladder,
Nia.
You have really matured.
Less than six months ago,
you were sitting on your dad's lap
in a dressing room
bawling your eyeballs out.
Don't carry it into the dressing room.
You go home,
you cry into your pillow,
you figure out what you did wrong,
and you don't make
the same mistakes again.
I don't ever want
to see that again.
That little kid is gone.
HOLLY: Nia's growing up.
She's maturing.
And I have said that,
when it begins to click for Nia,
you better watch out.
ABBY: Moving on,
Maddie.
You had a big victory last week.
All you had to worry about
was the group dance.
You were excellent.
You were right on time with the music
and I'm proud of you for that.
And on top of the pyramid
is my angry bird Chloe.
(applause)
Chloe, you won the costume award
for the entire competition.
And you made the top 10.
Congratulations.
(upbeat music playing)
Woo!
ABBY: I'm very proud of you.
I think you could have had a lot more
confidence when you started the dance.
But when you finished,
you certainly made up for it.
Moving on,
this week, we will be attending
Starbound Talent Competition
in Atlanta, Georgia.
We're going to go to sunny skies
and hot weather.
Moms, I might even sit
on the veranda
and have a mint julep with you.
Oh, aren't we lucky?
HOLLY: Lucky us.
(laughter)
The last time we attended Starbound,
you lost by 1/10 of a point
to that Wicked Witch of the West.
And I have never lived it down
until this weekend.
The behavior by Cathy
was out of control.
SINGER: ♪ We saw, we came ♪
♪ We kicked apples ♪
♪ We saw, we came ♪
My entire reputation
has been humiliated.
The whole competition was a fiasco.
That's not going to happen this time.
Do you understand?
All the numbers that we're going to do
are going to be off the charts.
All right.
Chloe, you have a solo this week.
You will be doing a routine
called "Trouble."
You need to learn
to use the entire stage.
You need to jump higher
than you've ever jumped.
I want to see you larger
than life on stage.
I'm really excited that Miss Abby
gave me a solo this week.
And I want to prove to Miss Abby
that I do have confidence.
Maddie, you're back to work this week.
You have a solo in the competition.
It's in the lyrical category.
And it's entitled,
"Mom, It'll Never Be the Same."
Now, I also have a trio.
The trio is going to be
Paige, Nia, and Mackenzie.
Trios are the hardest thing
to choreograph.
So this is going to be a nightmare.
The trio is entitled,
"Nothing's Gonna Stop Us."
And I hope nothing does stop you.
Let's move on to the group dance.
The group number it's titled,
"All Kids Go."
We're talking about
our childhood going away.
We're talking about Brooke
leaving the eighth grade
and going to high school.
She's a teenager now.
Everybody is in the group dance
except Mackenzie.
The nature of the dance
is a little mature for you.
I'm really bummed that I'm not
in the group dance this week
because I like dancing
with the big girls.
Since I'm not using Mackenzie,
I need to bring somebody in
that looks like a teenager,
that the judges see instantly
as older than the rest of you.
So moms, look out.
I'm putting Peyton in the number,
and Leslie will be joining us.
The moms and I don't like
whenever Abby brings
somebody new into the team.
I think our team works great
the way it is.
I don't think that we need anybody else
to come into our group.
ABBY: I have one more piece of news.
You're going to be auditioning
for a TV show.
And that TV show is...
Drop Dead Diva.
(cheering and applause)
This week I got a casting call
from the casting agent
at Drop Dead Diva.
They are looking for a little girl
to play a dancer.
Moms, you're gonna put them on camera
and actually send the film to LA.
I know they're calling
other dance studios,
other dance companies.
But I want my girls to do their very best.
They better put their best foot forward.
Ladies, up, spread apart.
Let's warm up.
I like your shoes.
Are they new?
Ugh, they are so old.
What is up with this TV thing?
MELISSA: It'll probably be like,
one line, you know?
I think it's a great opportunity
for our girls.
I think that, you know,
if one of them gets the part
and they actually are on a TV show,
I think that opens
so many doors for them.
CHRISTI: I would love
to see our kids pull this off.
ABBY: Come on, Peyton,
we're ready to start.
She is not even part of our group.
CHRISTI: Because she will be
the star of this dance,
just like she was the star
of the last dance.
Chloe's at the top
of the pyramid this week.
-Why isn't she the featured dancer?
-MELISSA: Mm-hmm.
Is this is the first time
that Peyton and Brooke
-are dancing together with this group?
-Yes.
HOLLY: I struggle with the idea
that Peyton gets to join that group
on a temporary basis.
And every time she joins the group,
she becomes a featured dancer.
That's gonna be an interesting dynamic.
ABBY: Peyton, you will be traveling
to Atlanta, Georgia with us.
-Are you ready for that?
-Absolutely.
Can you keep your mother under control?
Well, I'm expecting Leslie
to come up here and be combative.
She scares me. I'm sorry.
Hey, ladies.
I'm back.
I am so thrilled to see Leslie again
because she's so cordial.
She doesn't scream at you.
And she really does keep
her opinions to herself.
I'm so sick of Christ sitting up here
trying to belittle
and put my daughter down.
-Listen--
-Shut your face.
LESLIE: Hi, ladies.
-KELLY: Hello.
-You're awfully quiet.
ABBY:
Girls, we have three days
till we are on a plane
headed to Starbound.
The last time we attended Starbound,
we got 10th place.
And I was humiliated.
So this is my redemption tour.
We're going back to win big.
Let's do it.
We are doing a piece
called "All Kids Go."
(dramatic music playing)
Hit. Hit.
Plié!
It's very dark.
It's elegant, classic, beautiful.
Everybody big!
There you go.
Do you see that intricate way of moving?
Do you see how captivating it is?
You have to be a special performer
to get the audience to shut up.
She is so excited.
She really deserves this.
This is great for her.
CHRISTI: Leslie will not shut up.
Seriously, just hearing her voice
makes me want to poke my own eye out.
LESLIE: Where's Mackenzie?
Is she not in this?
KELLY: Peyton's replacing
Mackenzie this week.
Mackenzie's not mature enough
to be in this.
Well, she should not
be replacing anybody.
She should be a permanent dancer.
Who's doing solos this week?
MELISSA: Chloe and Maddie.
LESLIE:
Maybe she'll let Peyton do a solo.
If everyone else is doing a solo
or a duet or a trio, why not?
CHRISTI: Leslie's been here
for like a total of, what, five minutes?
And here she is not only thinking
that Peyton can join the group dance
but she's gonna have a solo.
Seriously?
Maybe she'll let her.
It won't hurt to ask.
CHRISTI: I don't know
where Leslie gets off thinking
she can just waltz in here
and say Peyton deserves a solo.
I can tell this is going to be
a really long week.
(upbeat music playing)
CATHY: Hey, moms, dancers!
What do you guys think?
It's nice.
This room is totally dedicated
just for you guys.
(applause)
Now, I'm just filled with big news today,
everybody.
I don't think that we're going
to be seeing Kendall anymore.
Her mother made a great decision
to decide to leave.
Jill has decided to leave
Candy Apples Dance Center
because I'm not giving Kendall
enough time.
JILL: But if you can't give
my student enough time,
how can I continue
to keep bringing her to you?
She should have stuck around
to see what we had to offer.
We don't have any competitions
coming up right this very moment.
But I received a phone call
from a casting agent
who wants you girls to read
for the show "Drop Dead Diva."
Doesn't that sound like fun?
I beg.
Do not make me do it.
Excuse me, ladies,
you're all here to audition.
I'm going to take you in
one at a time.
I want you to memorize those lines.
Today we're going to record our auditions
for "Drop Dead Diva."
I'm really nervous about it
because I know
they're calling other dance studios
in the area too.
-ABBY: Hello.
-Hello.
-How are you today?
-Good, how are you?
Good. I'm gonna have you stand right here.
Look into the camera.
I really hope I get this part
because I think it would be fun
to be on a TV show
and see the set and everything.
TAYLOR: Hi, my name is Taylor,
and I'm auditioning "fer"--
-CATHY: For!
-TAYLOR: Yeah, for what?
-Yeah, for--you tell me for what.
-(laughter)
Now take it from the top.
Stop. I--I'm done.
-(inaudible)
-Chloe.
-Hello?
-Sorry, that was--
Okay, take 2.
It's all right.
No, it's not!
I--it was too hard.
I really hope I get the part
on Drop Dead Diva
because it's just like
winning the lottery.
And I think that's really cool.
(stuttering)
-Choreography.
-VIVI: Chor--
Choreography.
I can't say it.
Use another dancer. I'm done!
TAYLOR: Use another dancer.
I'm done.
-Where should I go?
-Go.
Out.
Okay, very nice audition.
-Thank you.
-Thank you. You can go.
I think that my girls did
an outstanding job today.
I think that one of my girls
is gonna get it,
maybe Paige, maybe Maddie.
But that's not up to me now, is it?
It's up to the casting doctor.
MELISSA: Happy birthday!
CHRISTI: Cheers to the circle
of impenetrable bitches.
KELLY: Today I'm going to lunch
with all the other moms
and we're going to discuss
my birthday party.
I certainly don't want
to have a boring party.
So we got to like,
do all of our plans.
I think we should have like,
a signature drink at our party.
I have a signature drink,
-mommy juice.
-Mommy juice.
(laughs)
-CHRISTI: And I'm pissed at you.
-Why?
Why would you invite Leslie to your party?
-Well, what are we gonna do?
-CHRISTI: Why wouldn't you have waited?
Have it on Thursday,
and then like, Friday us go away
-and be like (indistinct) the party.
-CHRISTI: Yes.
I'm inviting Leslie to my party
because,
you know, we didn't invite her
to lunch.
So I feel like even though
the other moms don't like her,
I feel like I have to invite her.
I think Leslie
is the ultimate stage mother.
Oh, she is.
KELLY: Oh, I think she's way
more cutthroat than Jill was.
CHRISTI: She will knock you down
and steal your teeth
if it means that her kid
will get a part over yours.
Abby and Leslie
are very similar creatures.
They want to be dominant.
They want to be the boss.
They want to be in control.
And they want to tell you exactly
what you need to think.
I actually have--I have some news.
Chloe is gonna miss rehearsal tonight.
-Oh.
-And I have not told Abby.
Because I sent her away
on her school field trip
that's overnight.
Last week I let Chloe go to the movies.
I think me telling Abby that Chloe
is not gonna be at rehearsal tonight
is gonna go down like the Titanic.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Okay, ladies,
we have lots to do.
We're ready to start rehearsal.
I walk into the den to gather the girls.
I look around, and I figure
Chloe's just in the ladies room.
Late last night,
I decided to let Chloe go
on her school field trip.
She's not here this evening.
She'll be back tomorrow morning.
She made a commitment
to this group.
You as a parent also made
a commitment to this group.
Yeah, and I made a commitment
to Chloe's education,
and this is a school field trip.
I'm livid. We've got a big weekend
ahead of us,
and Chloe's not even at rehearsal.
Do they not want to go
to Starbound this weekend,
or do they just not want to win?
Why didn't she tell me yesterday?
CHRISTI: Because she didn't know.
I think you're lying.
I think you knew
she was going all the time
and you want to make it seem
like you made this last-minute decision.
-No, I didn't.
-You're a snake and a liar,
and you're raising your kid
to be the same exact thing.
Even though Chloe went
on the school field trip,
it was really important
that I be in attendance
at rehearsals this evening.
Because it's my job to protect my kid
from the evil dance teacher.
You should have told me ahead of time.
CHRISTI: You're acting like a lunatic
because school
has taken priority for once.
It's not school. It's a field trip.
-It's a camping trip.
-It's school!
ABBY: Go to to freakin' Girl Scouts
and go camping.
Is she that dumb
that she doesn't know
there's a field trip
and she's not going on it?
I'm gonna pretend
you didn't call my daughter dumb.
Chloe is not present
because she went away on a school trip.
I would love for Peyton to do a solo.
Why not?
They all said that they have solos
and there's a trio.
And I just won--
can she do a solo this weekend?
Sure, Peyton, you're on.
Like, wow, Leslie,
the body's not even cold
and you're already swooping in.
Girls, remember, we have two days
to clean the number, perfect it.
-And it's not even finished yet.
-CHRISTI: You know what?
I don't give a crap what Abby thinks
because it's none of her concern.
Don't you call somebody dumb and stupid
because they want to expand
their horizons.
Well, I wasn't taking anybody's spot.
I wanted Peyton to be added
onto the roster
whether Chloe was doing a solo
or not. So--
KELLY: So is Peyton going to learn
a new dance?
I don't understand why you
are questioning Peyton's solo.
I don't have--
I don't have a question with it.
I'm just asking,
is she learning a new dance?
-Is it because--
-Did I not speak to you, Leslie?
Nobody else is asking
about Peyton's solo?
KELLY: So what!
Even if Peyton didn't get
a solo this week,
Kelly would have found
something else to yell about.
That's just what she does.
(dramatic music playing)
Maddie's solo is exquisite.
SINGER: ♪ Stay with me ♪
ABBY: I've been holding on
to this music for a long time now
because I wanted Maddie
to be mature enough.
Now, the choreography is fabulous.
But the story needs to be there.
I need you to convey that message,
that Mom,
it's never gonna be the same again.
All right.
Out of all my numbers this week,
the trio has been the hardest to block.
I have three different ages
I'm dealing with here.
The name of your routine
is "There's Nothing Gonna Stop Us."
It's fast.
It's peppy.
Say it.
ALL: Nothing's gonna stop us!
They need energy.
And these three slugs don't have it.
SINGER: ♪ Come on, can you feel it,
make your move ♪
♪ Get your friend on the floor,
together you can groove ♪
You took all--
look up the room you took up.
Right here, you should land
right here in the middle
of that mirror, yes?
Not all the way over there
behind Paige.
Girls, this is why you never get
a group routine.
If you could pick it up
and do it right the first time,
I can do it.
Continue.
The girls individually
can do every stunt pretty well.
But the three of them together,
not going so well.
SINGER: ♪ Your black heart ♪
♪ So... ♪
She put Peyton in Chloe's spot.
Chloe has to be
in the dance because--
CHRISTI: No, no, Chloe's in the dance,
but she's no longer in her good spot.
ABBY: I don't even miss Chloe.
I'm really glad that I allowed Chloe
to go on her field trip.
However, I am a nervous wreck.
I would never really admit this
to Abby, but like,
Chloe not being here,
as much as I wanted her to go,
-does stress me out a little bit.
-Sure.
CHRISTI: I think she'll be fine.
But it's still stressful for me.
She does pick up very well.
MELISSA: Very easy.
Sometimes.
(chill music playing)
-ABBY: Hi.
-Hello.
Hello, girls.
Go ahead and get ready, girls.
Abby, I wanted to see
if I could talk to.
You keep bringing Peyton
into the group.
Why does she get to come in
and get a solo,
when Nia, Paige,
Kenzie do this every weekend?
You know they want to do it
or they wouldn't be here.
Peyton wants to work.
She wants to be gone every weekend.
These kids could care less.
KELLY: My daughter is here
every single practice.
I--it's my dance company.
That's fine.
You'll lose more students.
I think we all know
that Abby is gonna continue
to keep bringing Leslie and Peyton
into our group.
So I think we have come
to the decision that,
if we want to get rid of them,
we need to do it ourselves.
ABBY: We have one day to clean it,
perfect it, time it. So let's go.
Finish that. Don't think about 3.
Think about 4.
Push! That's bad.
Back of the knee, lock it!
PEYTON: I'm really happy
Abby gave me a solo this week
called "Eternally."
We only have a certain
amount of time to learn it,
and I'm not used to it
like these girls are.
CHRISTI: What was the discussion
you were having
with our fearless leader?
I was just asking why Peyton
was allowed to do a solo
when three of our kids who are part
of the group didn't get a solo.
If these people want
to waste their time
just worrying about what
another mother's daughter is getting,
let them do it. It's not for me.
I didn't think it was that
much of a crime to ask Abby
if my daughter can do a solo
since everybody else was doing one.
KELLY: We really don't appreciate
you coming into our group
and changing our words and telling us
how your daughter deserves
to be in the group more than ours,
just like your daughter came
into our greenroom
and told her she was better than us.
I thought that I was better
than most of the people for all around.
ABBY: You thought were better
than most of the people in this group?
Hmm.
LESLIE: Your daughter has a trio.
Does anybody make you happy?
These women don't respect anything.
They're never happy.
They're not happy
if somebody is not in the number.
if somebody is in the number.
They're not happy
if they're not getting a trio.
But when they get the trio,
they're not happy if somebody
gets a solo while they get the trio.
It's ridiculous.
(upbeat music playing)
CHLOE: Coming back to the studio
after my camping trip,
I'm a little bit nervous
to see Miss Abby
and see what she has to say to me.
Just remember, this is worst of it.
And wasn't it fun?
Wasn't last night worth it,
with the campfire and the hiking?
Yeah? Okay.
Chloe's back
from her school camping trip
and she's really nervous
to go talk to Abby.
She's afraid that Abby is gonna
cut her dance from the competition.
I won't let her do anything wicked to you.
Just let it go in one ear
and out the other.
Well, our little forest ranger's back.
She missed rehearsal yesterday,
and I really should pull her solo.
But she's on top of the pyramid
this week.
So I want to see
if Chloe can remember it.
The name of your routine is "Trouble."
And you're kind of in trouble today.
Anything that has to do
with school is fine.
But you just told me yourself today
that some kids didn't go on the trip
and it was optional.
I mean, really?
I can't even believe
she had the nerve to show up.
(dramatic music playing)
-What's the title of this dance?
-"Trouble" because, you know,
Chloe and trouble are synonyms.
ABBY: We should have done
the standing back tuck on upside down.
Her mother thinks she can.
I am really excited
to do my solo this week.
I think Miss Abby's putting
a lot of pressure on me.
Your teachers have you
from 7:30 in the morning, then I get you.
So don't sign up for anything else.
If it's at night, you can't do it.
I'm impressed.
Chloe knew her solo
and I think it's a winner.
I knew she could do it.
I knew she was gonna know it.
You're finished. Thank you.
(upbeat music playing)
KELLY: Hello!
I brought your two favorite things,
mineral water and abs.
(laughs)
You know, this was my 41st birthday,
and alls I wanted to do
was have a good time.
CHRISTI: That's called a Bitch Brew.
HOLLY: Everybody has a nice
little dainty Lolita glass,
and I have like a jug.
(laughter)
We're having so much fun
at Kelly's house right now.
You know, we're just relaxing.
-We're not bitching.
-(laughter)
-Ah!
-HOLLY: The truth comes out.
CHRISTI: It's just kind of a--
it's a nice evening.
Maybe we'll get lucky
and Leslie won't come.
I really don't have a problem
with Leslie.
CHRISTI: Oh, my God, yes, you do.
You lie like a rug.
KELLY: I just don't like
how Leslie comes in and,
like, we have seniority here.
Our girls work their butts off every week.
And Peyton just walks in
and gets to do a solo.
I don't think she earned it.
(doorbell)
Oh, somebody's here.
Oh, how are you?
It's Leslie.
We thought you gave up on us.
Well, I did get lost.
Whatever, Leslie.
-Oh, don't start.
-Whatever.
How many drinks have you had?
KELLY: Leslie's been fighting
with all the moms this week.
So when she came into my party,
I wasn't really excited to see her.
Are you gonna bully us?
Because I feel like every time
we're up in the viewing room...
-Yeah?
-...every time we say something,
-you're like, jumping down our throats.
-You know I just talk loud.
My voice gets loud.
It's not bullying. It's how I talk.
I'm here to enjoy myself this week
and to watch the girls
and enjoy them dance.
-And everyone really claims...
-(interposing voices)
-KELLY: ...bullied all week.
-I'm loud. I'm loud.
I felt like I've been dealing
with it all week. I really don't--
You told me to shut up
quite a few times.
Well, because sometimes
I just wish you would.
CHRISTI: Well, I wish you would.
-Okay.
-CHRISTI: I really wish you would.
HOLLY: Well, I take bullying
very seriously.
And I do too. And I'm not doing it.
So I'm just so sick of you guys
accusing me of it.
I think what the issue is,
at times, Leslie,
is that the tone of what you're saying,
it's very intense.
You're sitting here listening
to this woman, this drunk,
say what she's saying and you're still--
Call me a drunk again.
I guess I just got a little sick and tired
of her constant telling us why
she belongs, why Peyton belongs,
why we need to accept her,
why we need to like her.
You know what? I have a whole list
of reasons why I don't.
And I need to let you know.
I can't tell you how many have said
that they have seen you
at competitions standing there
with your beer bottle
and your cigarette.
You are nothing but an intimidating bitch.
I don't know if I was pissed that Leslie
had been treating us crappy all week
or that she was ruining the party.
All I know is I didn't want
to see her face any longer.
Shoo.
Go away.
(crash)
Guess what?
You got it.
(tense music playing)
I think we're a really hard group
to be accepted into
because we've been together for so long
and we have so much history.
-MELISSA: Oh, don't.
-KELLY: Don't cry.
Oh, don't.
But if you want to be accepted
into the group,
stop telling us
everything you hate about us
and why our kids are rotten people.
It was my party
and I cried if I want to.
-Yeah!
-(laughter)
-CHRISTI: Goodnight.
-KELLY: What a fabulous birthday that was.
CHRISTI: You know what?
Leslie's a bitch.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: This is it, girls.
-Best behavior, do you understand?
-GIRL: Yes.
ABBY: Mackenzie,
no tricks in the lobby.
We've arrived in Atlanta, Georgia,
for the Starbound competition.
Woohoo!
Oh, I could have worn fancy shoes.
Maddie has a new solo to do.
Chloe has a new solo to do.
It's going to be exciting.
Chloe, here is your costume.
(applause)
My last hurrah at Starbound
was not so fabulous.
♪ We saw, we came, we kicked apples ♪
♪ We saw... ♪
My entire reputation
has been humiliated.
That's not gonna happen again.
I want to win.
I want to win big.
So you're good, yes?
-CHLOE: I'm not nervous at all.
-See?
Maybe I should send Chloe
to the woods every week.
She just said,
I'm not nervous at all.
Usually she's like--
Well, you know what, forest ranger?
Come on. Get over here, Yogi Bear,
because there was 100 things wrong
with that.
Well, don't try to make her nervous.
You said you don't want her
to be nervous.
No, I don't want her to be nervous.
I want her to win.
Abby was blaming me
for stressing Chloe out
before she goes on stage.
But really, if you look at things,
it's probably Abby that stresses Chloe out
before she goes on stage,
because she's constantly
barking things at her.
ABBY: You ready, Chlo?
-Okay.
-CHRISTI: Let's go.
Let's.
Christie and I are walking to our seats
to go watch the girls perform,
and who is in the hallway
but the wicked bitch Leslie.
CHRISTI: What are you doing here?
LESLIE: Did you really think
I was gonna allow you guys
to intimidate me not to come?
I don't think we were trying
to intimidate you.
Like, you attacked us all week.
LESLIE: Okay, listen.
We're here because
when we start something we finish it.
I don't care what you think.
That is just I in team.
You know what, Leslie?
-You're not a member of this team.
-LESLIE: You're wrong.
Just like your daughter's here to dance,
-Peyton's here to dance because--
-CHRISTI: Where is Peyton?
-She's in the greenroom.
-Good for you, Leslie.
Go ahead. Go to the greenroom.
-LESLIE: You're witches.
-(Christi scoffs)
-KELLY: Thank you.
-CHRISTI: Well, it takes one to know one.
Careful someone doesn't drop
a house on you.
I think it's pretty safe to say that,
considering that I had quite a blowup
at Leslie,
the dressing room isn't exactly
going to be like,
full of warm and fuzzies.
(cheers and applause)
CHLOE: Even though
I went on the camping trip,
I'm still confident that
I had enough rehearsal time
and that I'm confident
in my performance.
(applause)
Woo!
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Feeling numb ♪
♪ Feeling high ♪
♪ Feeling all the things ♪
♪ Money just can't buy ♪
(applause)
SINGER:
♪ Wake me up if it gets too much ♪
♪ I'm living on cloud 9 ♪
♪ Where everything is fine ♪
♪ But I'm in trouble ♪
-(applause)
-SINGER: ♪ And I'm not sleeping ♪
♪ My world is turning upside down ♪
♪ With the company I'm keeping ♪
♪ But I'm in trouble ♪
♪ And I'm not sleeping ♪
-♪ My world is turning upside down ♪
-Woo!
SINGER: ♪ Upside down ♪
♪ Company I'm keeping ♪
(cheering)
ABBY: Chloe was wonderful.
And that's because she's had
years and years and years of training.
CHRISTI: I went on stage this week
with a new confidence
and I killed it.
That's what I'm gonna do every week.
ANNOUNCER: Judges,
next up, number 2,0003,
"Mom, It'll Never Be the Same."
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Don't be afraid
to look me in the eye ♪
♪ You're sad ♪
♪ Remember when you told me ♪
♪ We'd be all right? ♪
♪ Don't lie ♪
♪ I know I'm the one here ♪
♪ Who's to blame ♪
♪ For letting us go ♪
♪ I'm a part of you to stay ♪
♪ It hurts too much I can't let go... ♪
♪ No, no, no ♪
♪ Although I'm the one here
who's to blame ♪
-♪ But... ♪
-(cheers and applause)
I felt very good about my solo
when I walked offstage.
Thanks.
I'm shaking a little bit.
And I thought Chloe also did great.
It just makes me so happy
when I watch her.
CHRISTI: There you are.
You didn't freak yourself out.
I'm so proud of you!
You should be proud of yourself, kiddo.
Good job.
Maddie, it was so emotional on stage.
-It was wonderful.
-ABBY: Woohoo!
Yay! Where are they?
Good girl.
Mwah. Where's Chloe?
-Thank you.
-Beautiful.
Abby just hugged Chloe
after a dance.
You're going to camp every week.
No, you're never going
to camp again.
I don't know.
ABBY: Christi had to keep
stirring the pot.
Christi, it's not about you.
You're not the dance teacher.
Even though you think you are,
you're not.
Trio, let's go.
Out of all my numbers this week,
the trio has been the hardest to block.
I hope when those girls
get out on stage,
they pull it together.
Come on, girls.
I'm really excited to do the trio.
But I'm very nervous
about doing my front aerial.
ANNOUNCER:
All right, judges, number 2,0001,
"Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now."
(cheering)
(upbeat music playing)
Go.
Their music starts.
I'm looking into the wings
and I can't see Mackenzie.
I'm like, Mackenzie,
get out of the wings.
Get out of the wings.
SINGER: ♪ Step off. step back
turn around, stop ♪
♪ When you work together,
you can make it to the top ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
♪ We'll make it if we want it ♪
♪ Together, you and me
we got energy ♪
♪ Energy, energy ♪
♪ It's friends forever ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ We've got energy, energy, energy ♪
♪ Ooh, we got energy, energy, energy ♪
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: They did not do a good job.
I would be surprised if the trio
does anything at all.
MACKENZIE: I was worried
because I think Abby's
gonna be really mad at me.
The whole dance for me was horrible.
-Don't say that.
-You guys did great.
I was looking at you, you guys,
the whole time.
She's gonna be yelling at me the most.
We all missed something.
It's not just you, Nia.
Well, whenever we go in,
just don't say anything to Miss Abby.
Don't say if we did good or bad.
I think it was bad because
I'm the littlest and I came in the group.
I messed up a lot of things.
PAIGE: We're gonna be in trouble.
A lot.
-KELLY: Hey, girls.
-Good job.
Uh-oh.
What's wrong?
NIA: All of us were really nervous
after the trio
because everybody knew that
they did something wrong.
And all of us we're nervous that
Miss Abby was gonna yell at us.
ABBY: How about the trio?
It was a little disappointing.
I thought it started off a little rocky.
Mackenzie, you have to learn
to listen to the music.
The judges did not like that number.
Well, they didn't like that number,
or they didn't like Nia
falling on her butt right in front
of their face, center stage.
Did Abby forget so quickly that Maddie
missed pretty much the same trick
a few weeks ago?
And the reaction from Abby
is totally different.
-All right, Peyton--
-Let's go.
PEYTON: I'm really nervous.
I didn't feel I had enough preparation
to learn the solo.
ANNOUNCER:
This is a Jazz 13 and 14.
(cheers and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Those words you said
have turned from black to gray ♪
♪ You're still here, eternally ♪
♪ I'm still seeing the (indistinct) ♪
(cheering)
I think Peyton did well
for her not being properly prepared
and not having a lot of rehearsal time.
-Good?
-Yeah.
Leslie, how was Peyton?
LESLIE: She got no practice time, so--
You know what, Leslie?
I don't want to hear it.
-You asked for the solo...
-LESLIE: She didn't get any.
-...we threw it at her.
-She didn't get any practice time.
ABBY: When you got to an audition,
do you get time to go practice on it?
No, you learn it right there,
and you do it
in front of the producers
and the director.
All the moms need to zip it.
It's my way or the highway.
And that's the way it's gonna be.
And if you don't like it...
Kelly, remember
when you came down to the desk
and asked me about,
why is Peyton here?
No, I didn't ask why she's here.
I asked why she was doing a solo.
I think that the other girls
in the group
should have been offered a solo
before Peyton was.
LESLIE: All I did was ask.
That's all.
We already know that
they don't want us here.
So if the group number doesn't do well,
I have to be honest,
I will feel guilty
that they will blame it on Peyton.
Do you want to know why the kids
and us don't want Peyton here?
Because you bully them.
Save your tears for the pillow.
Don't talk to me like that.
I'm an adult.
Right. So you shouldn't be
sitting here boohooing.
And look at those three over there.
What in God's name
would you care
what they think?
Who are they?
They are nobody.
Just stop.
CHRISTI: I really hope that
this is the last we see of Leslie.
I mean, she's hard to take.
And we've taken a lot of her lately.
The last group number we did
at Starbound, you came in 10th.
If I'm sitting in that audience
and come in 10th,
put supportive shoes on because
you'll be walking back to Pittsburgh.
I'm really worried
about this group number.
The concept is very interesting
and I love the message
they're trying to get across.
But will the audience understand it?
Who knows.
ANNOUNCER: Next up,
number 2,000 (indistinct)
(cheering)
SINGER: ♪ The lights go down ♪
♪ It's your time ♪
♪ You play ♪
I wasn't even looking
at the girls dancing.
I was just watching
an amazing performance.
(cheers and applause)
ABBY:
They were right on the money.
I thought it was a great performance.
(tense music playing)
The last time we were at Starbound,
we were 10th.
10th?
And I was humiliated.
And I came back to Starbound
to clear the name
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You ready for the top
10 junior soloists, folks?
(applause)
Fourth place,
give it up for "Trouble."
It's Chloe from Abby Lee Miller Studio--
Dance Studio.
I actually thought that Chloe
danced better than fourth place.
Do I think that she deserved first?
No, I'm not saying that.
But I was a little surprised
that she got fourth.
Our top overall junior soloist,
drumroll please.
"Mom, It'll Never Be the Same,"
Maddie from Abby Lee Dance Company!
I was really surprised when they announced
Maddie as first place
because she was
in the 9 to 12-year-old category.
And she's nine.
And she won, I think, by 4 points,
which I've never seen at a competition.
You guys ready to hear
your top team...
novice soloist?
Second place with a 288, "Eternally."
It's Peyton.
LESLIE: Did Peyton want a higher medal?
Absolutely she wanted
a higher medal.
But you know what?
I'm not gonna break her down.
I'm proud that she accomplished
what she did this weekend.
Top five junior duet trios,
in fifth place,
"Nothing's Gonna Stop Us,"
it's Nia, Paige, and Mackenzie
from Abby Lee Dance Company.
Step on up, ladies.
ABBY: The trio came in fifth
because they did not do a good job.
I think they were tired.
And it didn't go over
as well as I had hoped.
In my hands right here,
we have the top junior group.
Your top overall
and junior group winner,
with a score of 293,
please make some noise for...
"All Kids Go,"
Abby Lee Dance Company!
Here they are.
Woohoo!
The ALDC is back,
and we are a force to be reckoned with.
-Woo!
-So excited!
-We beat over 80 numbers.
-Woo!
We got first place overall
for our group dance.
And I really think that
that lends itself to the fact
that we were amazing.
I don't think you could pull it apart
because you were too busy watching it.
It was just pretty.
I think we should keep
all of us in the group.
And Brooke and I, because this is
the first time I've won with you guys.
Aw.
LESLIE: It does feel good.
Congratulations!
Yay! No one's gonna hug me?
Yay!
Woo, we won first place
with our group number.
Yeah, ooh, yeah.
I'm proud of the kids.
They did what they needed to do.
And moms, you chased away Cathy.
You chased away Jill.
And now you're after Leslie.
I never want to hear another word
about bringing another child
onto this competition team.
When you start messing
with my livelihood,
that's when the curtain closes.
And I'll start messing with your kid.
Learn that.